at the end of the 20th century I ceased
to be a human being
do you have that sense of being an
outsider
she loved performing still I'm live for
there's something that happens on stage
where you are transported I wake I write
I eat move up on the add more meals with
you than my wife I watch TV
oh so this is my 20050 over Darren's
ready to see him what's the earliest
memory of a female body huh what do you
fear the most
it doesn't worry me that I'm not gonna
be able to continue to do what I do and
reach a place that I'm satisfied with in
the Senate because memory is what we are
your very soul and your very reason to
be alive is tied up in memory
those moments when the gears of the
heart really change
Gustavo
this shimmering space for imagination
and reality intercept where all love and
tears and joy exist
this is the place this is where we live
I had to speed read your biography oh
you read that thing yeah that was no
truth